fix: add docu for fixtureCleanup (#138)
open-wc/open-wc: packages/testing-helpers/README.md

// await aTimeout(10); // would wait 10ms
expect(el.shadowRoot.querySelector('#foo').innerText).to.equal('baz');
```

## Fixture Cleanup

> By default if you import via `import { ... } from '@open-wc/testing-helpers';` it will include a side-effect that cleans up fixtures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, if you import anything via import { ... } from '@open-wc/testing-helpers';, it will automatically register a side-effect that cleans up fixtures.
```

> By default, if you import anything via `import { ... } from '@open-wc/testing-helpers';`, it will automatically register a side-effect that cleans up fixtures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, if you import anything via `import { ... } from '@open-wc/testing-helpers';`, it will automatically register a side-effect that cleans up your fixtures.
```

If you want to be in full control you can do so by using
```js
import { fixture, fixtureCleanup } from '@open-wc/testing-helpers/index-no-side-effects.js';

it('can instantiate an element with properties', async () => {
  const el = await fixture(html`<my-el .foo=${'bar'}></my-el>`);
  expect(el.foo).to.equal('bar');
  fixtureCleanup();
}

> // you can also write it like this - note that is exactly what the side-effect does

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Alternatively, you can do add the fixtureCleanup in the afterEach function, but note that this is exactly what the automatically registered side-effect does.
```

> // Alternatively, you can do add the fixtureCleanup in the afterEach function, but note that this is exactly what the automatically registered side-effect does.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Alternatively, you can add the fixtureCleanup in the afterEach function, but note that this is exactly what the automatically registered side-effect does.
```
